Bare wastemen wanna dis my tune, same MCs wanna spit on my tune
Jump in my GT- zing zing zoom, See me on TV real real soon
Sit back in your throne, turn off your phone, ‘cause this is our zone
It’s a serious ting, no joke, no laughter
Walk in the room, spray what I like
Wanna clash me then you better come proper
You thought I was a first timer, I am the roll deep grimer
Getting’ quite big in the scene, got a couple of big hooks
Chuckin' MC's like stones, Bad Boy Forever like Sean Puffy Combs
I wanna get paid in full! No time for chitchat, no time for ball!
I’m just trying to function.
MC’s my trade, chat ‘nuff heat when the tune is played
There’s plenty more fish in the sea, that’s why I got my rod in it
Man wanna run off their mouth online
Why invest in guns when you can just invest in a brand new sound?
Who’s on the riddim, on the radio? It’s me with the ruff neck flow!
Legendary, been a bad boy since secondary
I’m cold but my lyrics dem a blazin’!
Demonstrate, innovate, never imitate
Cause when it comes to music we are di gorgon
Don’t let your pride or ego take control
Keep it ninja man, Keep it ninja man
Competition, combination, any kind of situation
Rockin' wannabes like the Wu-Tang Clan
Who ya gonna call? What? Ghostbusters.
Break who? Break what? Break barriers.
Money who? Money what? Money makers.
Here we go! Who’s got the magical lyrical flow?
Everybody knows I’m cold, but that don’t mean that I don’t play fair
Tiger, see me creep ‘pon the riddim like a spider
Stack riddim in a big pile, in the computer I bring the Cubase file
Got a new tune in the shop every week, that’s why my label’s big in the street
Pump up, tone up, weights at the gym
Listen and learn, it’s my turn, I’ll be a big MC by then end of school term
Sorry brethren, I’m Buzz Lightyear and you come like Woody
I am not an artist, but I am the darkest
Me lose to them? Nah, that couldn’t happen, trust me!
Making moves, yeah, on the dancefloor
Manamandem from long time, for the mandem I put my neck on the line
Are you really, really from the ends? Too many boy that wanna pretend
You won’t like me anyway, but I won't hesitate
I’m not a hater, never hatin’, so please people stop conversatin’
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down
Nah, not at all, I’ll never let you win, not by the hairs of my chinny chin chin
Start movin' correctly if you don't wanna upset me, ya get me?
Don gorgon, original dan, real badman, mi a di mic champion
Don't act like you don't see me around, you see me every day in the ends
And I don't know none of them, don't like none of them, not one of them
You man are washed up, all diluted
They ain't got bars like I got bars, they can't see me, I'm too far
Dem can't walk the walk like me! Dem can't talk the talk like me!
I'm on the road like tar, I'm a road star
If you ain't with it then (get out!), if you aint with use then (get out!) 
We’re ready and it’s our time to reign, other MCs you’re gonna feel our pain